Replit 10 Year Buildathon Contest Rules
NO PURCHASE IS NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. A PURCHASE DOES NOT INCREASE THE CHANCES OF WINNING.

Eligibility:
The Contest is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Void where prohibited. Employees of Replit, Inc., (“Sponsor”), their respective affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, suppliers and their immediate family and/or household members of each are not eligible.

Agreement to Rules:
By participating, you agree to be bound by these Rules, and you represent and warrant that you meet the eligibility requirements set forth herein. In addition, you agree to accept the decisions of Sponsor as final and binding as they relate to the contest and any winning or payment.

Contest Period:
Entries will be accepted online during the Contest Period or when Sponsor declares the Contest ended (via an update to the Contest Period), whichever occurs sooner.

Entry requirements:
The entry must fulfill all Contest requirements as specified to be eligible to win. Entries that are not complete or do not adhere to the rules may be disqualified at the sole discretion of Sponsor. You may not enter more times than indicated by using accounts, identities or devices in an attempt to circumvent the rules. If you use fraudulent methods or otherwise attempt to circumvent the rules your submission may be removed from eligibility at the sole discretion of Sponsor.

Prizes; Odds:  
The specifics of the prize shall be solely determined by the Sponsor. No cash or other prize substitution permitted except at Sponsor's discretion. The prize is non-transferable. Any and all prize related expenses, including without limitation any and all federal, state, and/or local taxes shall be the sole responsibility of the winner. Acceptance of prize constitutes permission for Sponsor to use the winner's name, likeness, and entry for purposes of advertising and trade without further compensation, unless prohibited by law. The odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received.

Winner selection and notification:
Winners of the Contest will be selected based on the specified criteria. Sponsor shall have no liability for a winner's failure to receive notices due to winners' spam, filter, or other settings or provision of incorrect or otherwise non-functioning contact information. If the selected winner cannot be contacted, is ineligible, fails to claim the prize within 15 days from the time award notification was sent, or fails to timely return a completed and executed declaration and releases as required, prize may be forfeited, and an alternate winner(s) selected.

The receipt by winner of the prize offered in this Contest is conditioned upon compliance with any and all federal and state laws and regulations. ANY VIOLATION OF THESE OFFICIAL RULES BY ANY WINNER (AT SPONSOR'S SOLE DISCRETION) WILL RESULT IN SUCH WINNER'S DISQUALIFICATION AS WINNER OF THE CONTEST AND ALL PRIVILEGES AS WINNER WILL BE IMMEDIATELY TERMINATED.

Rights Granted by you:
By entering this content you understand that Sponsor, anyone acting on behalf of Sponsor, or its respective licensees, successors and assigns will have the right, where permitted by law, without any further notice, review or consent to print, publish, broadcast, distribute, and use, worldwide in any media now known or hereafter in perpetuity and throughout the world, your entry, including, without limitation,  its contents including images, and winner's name, portrait, picture, voice, likeness, image or statements as publicity or information and for trade, advertising, and PR purposes without any further compensation.

Terms:
Sponsor reserves the right, in its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Contest should (in its sole discretion) a virus, bug, non-authorized human intervention, fraud or other causes beyond its control corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness or proper conduct of the Contest. In such case, Sponsor may select the recipients from all eligible entries received prior to and/or after (if appropriate) the action taken by Sponsor.  Sponsor reserves the right at its sole discretion to disqualify any individual who tampers or attempts to tamper with the entry process or the operation of the Contest or violates these Terms & Conditions.

Sponsor has the right, in its sole discretion, to maintain the integrity of the Contest, to void votes for any reason, including, but not limited to; multiple entries where the contest does not allow for multiple entries. Sponsor reserves the right to enjoin and seek damages from any person violating these rules or interfering with the Contest to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Limitation of Liability:
By entering you agree to release and hold harmless Sponsor and its subsidiaries, affiliates, advertising and promotion agencies, partners, representatives, agents, successors, assigns, employees, officers and directors from any liability, illness, injury, death, loss, litigation, claim or damage that may occur, directly or indirectly, whether caused by negligence or not, from (i) such entrant's participation in the Contest and/or his/her acceptance, possession, use, or misuse of any prize or any portion thereof, (ii) technical failures of any kind; (iii) the unavailability or inaccessibility of any Internet service; (iv) unauthorized human intervention in any part of the entry process; (v) electronic or human error which may occur in the administration of the Contest or the processing of entries.

Disputes:
THIS CONTEST IS GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF CALIFORNIA, WITHOUT RESPECT TO CONFLICT OF LAW DOCTRINES. Any and all disputes which cannot be resolved between the parties and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Contest, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, exclusively before a court located in San Francisco, California, having jurisdiction. Further, in any such dispute, under no circumstances will participant be permitted to obtain awards for, and hereby waives all rights to claim punitive, incidental, or consequential damages, including reasonable attorneys' fees, other than participant's actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e. costs associated with entering this Contest), and participant further waives all rights to have damages multiplied or increased.

Privacy Notice: 
Information submitted with an entry is subject to the Privacy Notice stated at https://replit.com/site/privacy .

Winners List & Sponsor:
To obtain a copy of the winner's name(s) or a copy of these Official Rules, mail your request along with a stamped, self-addressed envelope to: Replit, Inc. 1001 E. Hillsdale Blvd, Foster City, CA 94404. Requests must be received no later than thirty (30) days after the Contest Period closes.

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. Void where prohibited. Open to legal residents of areas where the Contest is not prohibited by law, who submit their creative idea, project, or tool via Replit before the contest ends for judging. The Replit 10 Year Buildathon begins 05/02/2026 and ends 05/03/2026 at 3:00 PM GMT+3. For complete Contest Rules, click here.

Replit